# 11/10/2019

### 1. Conference aim

    To review and check the three EOI drafts Kejia has completed last week and roughly work out the powerpoint pitch slides' structures

### 2. Attendance

    Gurjyot Kaur        : Absent (Illness)
    
    Kejia Wu            : Attend
    
    Liam Orrill         : Attend
    
    Nicole Millinship   : Attend
    
    Teana Rashid        : Attend
    
    Xuanhao Li          : Attend

## 3. Discussion

The team helped to improve the EOIs and make sure that we're covering everything outlined in Geert's lecture slides. We think we're ready to submit them next Wednesday. We now need to begin creating the three pitches.

Pitch day is on Tuesday 22nd October. 

- Intensive Care Support is at 1:20pm in A07 Business School South. The company contact is Pedro Santos de Mendonca. The academic supervisor is Ender Ozcan
- Galaxian is at 2pm in B4 of the Exchange Building. The company contact / academic supervisor is Graham Hutton.
- Support Engineers Rostering is at 4:40pm in B35 of Business School North. The company contact is Madhu Prashanth. The academic supervisor is Dario Landa Silva. 

We're going to use the same general outline for all our pitches, breaking it into sections. We've also written down roughly how much time each section will take. Two team members have been allocated to writing each pitch:

- Galaxian - Kejia Wu and Xuanhao Li 
- Rostering - Nicole Millinship and Liam Orrill 
- Intensive Care Support - Teana Rashid and Gurjyot Kaur 