# 29/09/2019

### 1. Conference aim

    To discuss and choose several projects from the project list and evaluate them.
    
    Build a candidate project list containing at least 5 to 6 projects to be selected for the "sign up".

### 2. Attendance

    Gurjyot Kaur        : Absence (Transportation)
    
    Kejia Wu            : Attend
    
    Liam Orrill         : Attend
    
    Nicole Millinship   : Absence (Transportation)
    
    Teana Rashid        : Absence (Illness)
    
    Xuanhao Li          : Attend

### 3. Main problem

    Our team doesn't have much experience outside of what has been learnt in university. We think that most of the projects are too ambitious and require AI / Deep learning / Machine learning / NLP / ATS / Node.js techs, which could be difficult for us to start learning from scratch.

### 4. Result

    First stage (high feasibility and interest)
    
        1. Galaxian
        2. Lab Information App for CS Reception Screens
        3. Intensive Care Support
        4. Availability and Sprint capacity tracker
        5. Support Engineers Rostering
    
    Second stage (normal feasibility and interest)
    
        6. Variable Fidelity AI NPC Simulation
        7. A Universal Game Creation Board
    
    Third stage (normal feasibility)
    
        8. Monte Carlo Effort Analysis
        9. Resource Management

### 5. Notice

    First sign up role is on Wednesday 2nd October at 9am. Then the next two are at the same time on Thursday and Friday. Only the Team Administrator can sign up and its first come first for each day. We want to try and get the projects in the first stage but have other projects in the second/third stage in case we can't get them.

### 6. Duration Time

    2.5 hours